I will say that I had no idea that car was going to be in an accident. Do you believe it?
It seems they won't let it go.
Boss Jiang, if it’s not convenient for you to do it,
I can do the dirty work.
You are allowed to touch them. I'll be more at peace these days and don't cause any trouble for me.
Old man, I am going back to my country.
There's no one left, so stop pretending.
It’s so tiring to pretend like this.
I don’t know, I thought you were at a wedding party?
Overworking.
Since everyone thinks so,
Then if we don’t practice it,
It doesn't seem to be very good either.
What are you thinking? This is another price.
Is this price enough for you?
I came late because I was dealing with something.
This is for the reviewer
Judge's assets
I brought back everything I could in the past two days.
Including your calculations today
Starting today, everyone in Linjiang will know
Xiao Jianshan offended Mrs. Sun of the Jiang family
I don’t think anyone will ask him to cooperate, believe me.
Whatever belongs to you will be taken back to you. Thank you for my candy.
I'll buy you another one
Never mind, I don't mind
Brother Mian Yaoyao misses you so much.
You're such a big man and you still eat sweets?
Let's go, Brother Ming. It's cold outside.